docs: add metadata generation documentation (#3843)
segmentio/action-destinations: docs/create.md

version related information like API reference, change logs etc. This is done to automate and simplify identification
of deprecated version through LLMs.

## Generate metadata

> Every destination has a `metadata.json` file that contains its public schema — a machine-readable representation of its settings, actions, and field definitions. This file is used by downstream systems and must be kept in sync with your destination's source code.

Author: ```suggestion
Every destination has a `metadata.json` file that contains its public schema — a machine-readable representation of its settings, actions, and field definitions. This file is used by `action-destinations-bot` and must be kept in sync with your destination's source code.
```
